1657395: Add descriptions for SEO (3 of 3) (#18321)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/windows-workflow-foundation/whats-new.md

---
title: "What's New in Windows Workflow Foundation"

> description: Learn about Windows Workflow Foundation in .NET Framework 4 changes to several development paradigms from previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about Windows Workflow Foundation changes in .NET Framework 4.
```

Author: @gewarren - and this: 

Learn about Windows Workflow Foundation changes in .NET Framework 4. Workflows are easier to create, execute, and maintain, and implement new functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about Windows Workflow Foundation changes in .NET Framework 4. Workflows are easier to create, execute, and maintain.
```
